#The case of the afflicted clergy#

##G. M.##
The case of the afflicted clergy
G. M.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A50/A50970.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A50/A50970.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99829017e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2012-09__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2012-09__ __Apex CoVantage__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2012-11__ __Simon Charles__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2012-11__ __Simon Charles__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2013-02__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Body#####

1. THE CASE OF THE Afflicted Clergy.
I Now proceed to examine another of the Pamphlets, by which theſe of the Epiſcopal Clergy, who hate,§ 2. He eſſayeth to make a parallel alſo betwixt our and their Diſcipline; but in that he is not ſo § 3. The Book it ſelf is odly methodized. We have two leaves called the firſt Collection of Papers. § 4. Let us now conſider the Letter, which beginneth pag. 1. excluding what hath gone before. He beg§ 5. In what followeth this Author dealeth more ingenuouſly than the former that I dealt with: For h§ 6. In p. 7. and 8, Of the Narrative, he telleth us, that inſtead of calling theſe Hill-men to an a§ 7. The fulſome and flattering Expreſſions in the Presbyterian Addreſs to King James for their Libe§ 8. He pretendeth page 16, and 17. to remove a Miſ-information, given to them of England: That the § 9. We now come to conſider the Authors ſeveral Collections of Papers; in which he hath been at a g§. 10. Another Paper of Hiſtory he ſetteth down page 41. of the Sufferings of the Presbytery of Paiſ§ 11. In his ſecond Collection of Papers p. 50. we have account of the practice of the Rabble, after§ 12. The Story of Mr. Little (which nextfolloweth) is above anſwered, in Anſwer to Account of Perſe§ 13. In his third Collection of Papers (which concerneth them who complied, and yet ſuffered) he be§ 14. In his fourth and laſt Collection of Papers, he hath the Proclamations, Acts of Convention and§ 15. The concluſion of his Book, conſiſting of five or ſix pages, I ſhall not much be concerned witTHE party finding ſome acceptance with their eaſie Believers, of their former Lying and Reproachful § 2. It is alſo a groſs and malicious Lie, page 5. That William Torbran fled to Ireland for the Murt§ 3. He telleth a long Story, pag. 7. Of the Presbyterians Arming themſelves, and inventing falſe Re§ 4. The falſhood and malice of what he affirmeth, about the Commiſſioners from Stranrawer to the Co§ 5. He concludeth his particular Inſtances of this Perſecution page 18. With the account of Mr. Ram§ 6. He telleth us, page 21. What Mr. Douglas Miniſter at Skirling, ſuffered: In which we are little§ 7. He taketh occaſion, page 23, 24. to mention ſeveral perſons who are Murthered: As if all this h§ 8. He cometh page 26. to a purpoſe (by what courſe he draweth it into his method, I know not) wher§ 9. A Goodly Argument he hath, page 28. That Scotland was not Reformed by Presbyters: viz. Some BiſHAving proceeded thus far in contributing my poor Mite, for Vindicating the Presbyterian Church of S§ 2. The firſt paſſage in his Hiſtorical Account, is a foul miſtake (to call it no worſe) viz. That § 3. From theſe ſo well laid Foundations, he proceedeth, p. 5. to give His Highneſs ſome Advices; if§ 4. The fourth thing (he is now falling from his Inferences and Counſels to the King, to proofs of §. 5. He next would repreſent us as Perſons who would ſubmit to no Laws inconſiſtent with Presbytery§ 6. He next p. 8. giveth a Teſtimony to the Moderation of ſome Presbyterians (which ſome of his par§ 7. He bringeth as a Foundation of moſt of his diſcourſe againſt us, a Paper that he calleth the Pr§ 8. He next giveth the Presbyterians a few good Words: He would not be Cruel to them, but pitty theSEveral wiſe men who have Read this Pamphlet, think that the moſt fit refutation of it were (as I ſa§ 2. Our Hiſtorian hath quickly forgot his work: for inſtead of telling us what the Aſſembly did, he§ 3. He cometh now, page 3. to reaſon the Caſe againſt the King and Parliament, becauſe of their ſet§ 4. He propoſeth (tho' not candidly) but doth not anſwer our Reaſons for this conduct. One is, We c§ 5. From this digreſſion, he returneth to his Hiſtory, page 4. And giveth an account of the meeting§ 6. Which he doth yet more in what followeth, he telleth us of a Debate betwixt the old and the you7. The next fault that he findeth is, The Meeting appointed a Faſt on the Lords Day; and ſaith, That§ 8. There follows a whole Fardel of Lies and Malicious Repreſentations, of the procedure of the Pre§ 9. He taketh notice pag. 12. That in their Libels they would never give any of the Epiſcopal Clerg§ 10. After all this, I do not deny that ſome of the Presbyteries paſſed Sentence on ſome Incumbents§ 11. He cometh now at laſt, p. 17. to his purpoſe, to give account of the Aſſembly: And beginneth w§ 12. The Moderator being choſen: He telleth of a Competition for the Clerkſhip: It may be, ſome of § 13. He cometh to give the account of the Sermons Preached in time of the Aſſembly, eſpecially befo§ 14. The account he giveth of Mr. Campbels tranſportation from Drumfries, to be Miniſter at Edinbur§ 15. He telleth us of a Letter from Aberdeen, Deſiring Miniſters to be ſent to them, and complainin§ 16. That the Aſſembly was ſo puzled, as he ſaith, about the Appeals of tth Epiſcopal Clergy, is fa§ 17. His invective wit ſtoppeth very low, having little to work upon; when he taketh notice, that a§. 18. He had thus far digreſſed, wanting matter to fill up his Hiſtory. He now returneth to the Aſſ§. 19. He giveth account of the Commiſſion of the General Aſſembly, pag. 53. but as he doth of other§. 20. He looketh on all the Facts appointed by Presbyterians as deſigned to enſnare the Epiſcopal M§. 21. After Apology for the length (he ſhould have rather excuſed the Diſhoneſty and Impertinency) 
1. AN ANSWER To a Pamphlet, Intituled, A late Letter concerning the Sufferings of the Epiſcopal Clergy in Scotland, printed 1691.
I Now proceed to examine another of the Pamphlets, by which theſe of the Epiſcopal Clergy, who hate,§ 2. He eſſayeth to make a parallel alſo betwixt our and their Diſcipline; but in that he is not ſo § 3. The Book it ſelf is odly methodized. We have two leaves called the firſt Collection of Papers. § 4. Let us now conſider the Letter, which beginneth pag. 1. excluding what hath gone before. He beg§ 5. In what followeth this Author dealeth more ingenuouſly than the former that I dealt with: For h§ 6. In p. 7. and 8, Of the Narrative, he telleth us, that inſtead of calling theſe Hill-men to an a§ 7. The fulſome and flattering Expreſſions in the Presbyterian Addreſs to King James for their Libe§ 8. He pretendeth page 16, and 17. to remove a Miſ-information, given to them of England: That the § 9. We now come to conſider the Authors ſeveral Collections of Papers; in which he hath been at a g§. 10. Another Paper of Hiſtory he ſetteth down page 41. of the Sufferings of the Presbytery of Paiſ§ 11. In his ſecond Collection of Papers p. 50. we have account of the practice of the Rabble, after§ 12. The Story of Mr. Little (which nextfolloweth) is above anſwered, in Anſwer to Account of Perſe§ 13. In his third Collection of Papers (which concerneth them who complied, and yet ſuffered) he be§ 14. In his fourth and laſt Collection of Papers, he hath the Proclamations, Acts of Convention and§ 15. The concluſion of his Book, conſiſting of five or ſix pages, I ſhall not much be concerned witTHE party finding ſome acceptance with their eaſie Believers, of their former Lying and Reproachful § 2. It is alſo a groſs and malicious Lie, page 5. That William Torbran fled to Ireland for the Murt§ 3. He telleth a long Story, pag. 7. Of the Presbyterians Arming themſelves, and inventing falſe Re§ 4. The falſhood and malice of what he affirmeth, about the Commiſſioners from Stranrawer to the Co§ 5. He concludeth his particular Inſtances of this Perſecution page 18. With the account of Mr. Ram§ 6. He telleth us, page 21. What Mr. Douglas Miniſter at Skirling, ſuffered: In which we are little§ 7. He taketh occaſion, page 23, 24. to mention ſeveral perſons who are Murthered: As if all this h§ 8. He cometh page 26. to a purpoſe (by what courſe he draweth it into his method, I know not) wher§ 9. A Goodly Argument he hath, page 28. That Scotland was not Reformed by Presbyters: viz. Some BiſHAving proceeded thus far in contributing my poor Mite, for Vindicating the Presbyterian Church of S§ 2. The firſt paſſage in his Hiſtorical Account, is a foul miſtake (to call it no worſe) viz. That § 3. From theſe ſo well laid Foundations, he proceedeth, p. 5. to give His Highneſs ſome Advices; if§ 4. The fourth thing (he is now falling from his Inferences and Counſels to the King, to proofs of §. 5. He next would repreſent us as Perſons who would ſubmit to no Laws inconſiſtent with Presbytery§ 6. He next p. 8. giveth a Teſtimony to the Moderation of ſome Presbyterians (which ſome of his par§ 7. He bringeth as a Foundation of moſt of his diſcourſe againſt us, a Paper that he calleth the Pr§ 8. He next giveth the Presbyterians a few good Words: He would not be Cruel to them, but pitty theSEveral wiſe men who have Read this Pamphlet, think that the moſt fit refutation of it were (as I ſa§ 2. Our Hiſtorian hath quickly forgot his work: for inſtead of telling us what the Aſſembly did, he§ 3. He cometh now, page 3. to reaſon the Caſe againſt the King and Parliament, becauſe of their ſet§ 4. He propoſeth (tho' not candidly) but doth not anſwer our Reaſons for this conduct. One is, We c§ 5. From this digreſſion, he returneth to his Hiſtory, page 4. And giveth an account of the meeting§ 6. Which he doth yet more in what followeth, he telleth us of a Debate betwixt the old and the you7. The next fault that he findeth is, The Meeting appointed a Faſt on the Lords Day; and ſaith, That§ 8. There follows a whole Fardel of Lies and Malicious Repreſentations, of the procedure of the Pre§ 9. He taketh notice pag. 12. That in their Libels they would never give any of the Epiſcopal Clerg§ 10. After all this, I do not deny that ſome of the Presbyteries paſſed Sentence on ſome Incumbents§ 11. He cometh now at laſt, p. 17. to his purpoſe, to give account of the Aſſembly: And beginneth w§ 12. The Moderator being choſen: He telleth of a Competition for the Clerkſhip: It may be, ſome of § 13. He cometh to give the account of the Sermons Preached in time of the Aſſembly, eſpecially befo§ 14. The account he giveth of Mr. Campbels tranſportation from Drumfries, to be Miniſter at Edinbur§ 15. He telleth us of a Letter from Aberdeen, Deſiring Miniſters to be ſent to them, and complainin§ 16. That the Aſſembly was ſo puzled, as he ſaith, about the Appeals of tth Epiſcopal Clergy, is fa§ 17. His invective wit ſtoppeth very low, having little to work upon; when he taketh notice, that a§. 18. He had thus far digreſſed, wanting matter to fill up his Hiſtory. He now returneth to the Aſſ§. 19. He giveth account of the Commiſſion of the General Aſſembly, pag. 53. but as he doth of other§. 20. He looketh on all the Facts appointed by Presbyterians as deſigned to enſnare the Epiſcopal M§. 21. After Apology for the length (he ſhould have rather excuſed the Diſhoneſty and Impertinency) 
1. ANIMADVERSIONS On a PAMPHLET, called, A Memorial for His Highneſs the Prince of Orange, in Relation to the Affairs of Scotland.
I Now proceed to examine another of the Pamphlets, by which theſe of the Epiſcopal Clergy, who hate,§ 2. He eſſayeth to make a parallel alſo betwixt our and their Diſcipline; but in that he is not ſo § 3. The Book it ſelf is odly methodized. We have two leaves called the firſt Collection of Papers. § 4. Let us now conſider the Letter, which beginneth pag. 1. excluding what hath gone before. He beg§ 5. In what followeth this Author dealeth more ingenuouſly than the former that I dealt with: For h§ 6. In p. 7. and 8, Of the Narrative, he telleth us, that inſtead of calling theſe Hill-men to an a§ 7. The fulſome and flattering Expreſſions in the Presbyterian Addreſs to King James for their Libe§ 8. He pretendeth page 16, and 17. to remove a Miſ-information, given to them of England: That the § 9. We now come to conſider the Authors ſeveral Collections of Papers; in which he hath been at a g§. 10. Another Paper of Hiſtory he ſetteth down page 41. of the Sufferings of the Presbytery of Paiſ§ 11. In his ſecond Collection of Papers p. 50. we have account of the practice of the Rabble, after§ 12. The Story of Mr. Little (which nextfolloweth) is above anſwered, in Anſwer to Account of Perſe§ 13. In his third Collection of Papers (which concerneth them who complied, and yet ſuffered) he be§ 14. In his fourth and laſt Collection of Papers, he hath the Proclamations, Acts of Convention and§ 15. The concluſion of his Book, conſiſting of five or ſix pages, I ſhall not much be concerned witTHE party finding ſome acceptance with their eaſie Believers, of their former Lying and Reproachful § 2. It is alſo a groſs and malicious Lie, page 5. That William Torbran fled to Ireland for the Murt§ 3. He telleth a long Story, pag. 7. Of the Presbyterians Arming themſelves, and inventing falſe Re§ 4. The falſhood and malice of what he affirmeth, about the Commiſſioners from Stranrawer to the Co§ 5. He concludeth his particular Inſtances of this Perſecution page 18. With the account of Mr. Ram§ 6. He telleth us, page 21. What Mr. Douglas Miniſter at Skirling, ſuffered: In which we are little§ 7. He taketh occaſion, page 23, 24. to mention ſeveral perſons who are Murthered: As if all this h§ 8. He cometh page 26. to a purpoſe (by what courſe he draweth it into his method, I know not) wher§ 9. A Goodly Argument he hath, page 28. That Scotland was not Reformed by Presbyters: viz. Some BiſHAving proceeded thus far in contributing my poor Mite, for Vindicating the Presbyterian Church of S§ 2. The firſt paſſage in his Hiſtorical Account, is a foul miſtake (to call it no worſe) viz. That § 3. From theſe ſo well laid Foundations, he proceedeth, p. 5. to give His Highneſs ſome Advices; if§ 4. The fourth thing (he is now falling from his Inferences and Counſels to the King, to proofs of §. 5. He next would repreſent us as Perſons who would ſubmit to no Laws inconſiſtent with Presbytery§ 6. He next p. 8. giveth a Teſtimony to the Moderation of ſome Presbyterians (which ſome of his par§ 7. He bringeth as a Foundation of moſt of his diſcourſe againſt us, a Paper that he calleth the Pr§ 8. He next giveth the Presbyterians a few good Words: He would not be Cruel to them, but pitty theSEveral wiſe men who have Read this Pamphlet, think that the moſt fit refutation of it were (as I ſa§ 2. Our Hiſtorian hath quickly forgot his work: for inſtead of telling us what the Aſſembly did, he§ 3. He cometh now, page 3. to reaſon the Caſe againſt the King and Parliament, becauſe of their ſet§ 4. He propoſeth (tho' not candidly) but doth not anſwer our Reaſons for this conduct. One is, We c§ 5. From this digreſſion, he returneth to his Hiſtory, page 4. And giveth an account of the meeting§ 6. Which he doth yet more in what followeth, he telleth us of a Debate betwixt the old and the you7. The next fault that he findeth is, The Meeting appointed a Faſt on the Lords Day; and ſaith, That§ 8. There follows a whole Fardel of Lies and Malicious Repreſentations, of the procedure of the Pre§ 9. He taketh notice pag. 12. That in their Libels they would never give any of the Epiſcopal Clerg§ 10. After all this, I do not deny that ſome of the Presbyteries paſſed Sentence on ſome Incumbents§ 11. He cometh now at laſt, p. 17. to his purpoſe, to give account of the Aſſembly: And beginneth w§ 12. The Moderator being choſen: He telleth of a Competition for the Clerkſhip: It may be, ſome of § 13. He cometh to give the account of the Sermons Preached in time of the Aſſembly, eſpecially befo§ 14. The account he giveth of Mr. Campbels tranſportation from Drumfries, to be Miniſter at Edinbur§ 15. He telleth us of a Letter from Aberdeen, Deſiring Miniſters to be ſent to them, and complainin§ 16. That the Aſſembly was ſo puzled, as he ſaith, about the Appeals of tth Epiſcopal Clergy, is fa§ 17. His invective wit ſtoppeth very low, having little to work upon; when he taketh notice, that a§. 18. He had thus far digreſſed, wanting matter to fill up his Hiſtory. He now returneth to the Aſſ§. 19. He giveth account of the Commiſſion of the General Aſſembly, pag. 53. but as he doth of other§. 20. He looketh on all the Facts appointed by Presbyterians as deſigned to enſnare the Epiſcopal M§. 21. After Apology for the length (he ſhould have rather excuſed the Diſhoneſty and Impertinency) 
1. An Examination of the Hiſtorical Relation of the late General Aſſembly, holden at Edinburgh, from October, 16th to November 13th, 1690.
I Now proceed to examine another of the Pamphlets, by which theſe of the Epiſcopal Clergy, who hate,§ 2. He eſſayeth to make a parallel alſo betwixt our and their Diſcipline; but in that he is not ſo § 3. The Book it ſelf is odly methodized. We have two leaves called the firſt Collection of Papers. § 4. Let us now conſider the Letter, which beginneth pag. 1. excluding what hath gone before. He beg§ 5. In what followeth this Author dealeth more ingenuouſly than the former that I dealt with: For h§ 6. In p. 7. and 8, Of the Narrative, he telleth us, that inſtead of calling theſe Hill-men to an a§ 7. The fulſome and flattering Expreſſions in the Presbyterian Addreſs to King James for their Libe§ 8. He pretendeth page 16, and 17. to remove a Miſ-information, given to them of England: That the § 9. We now come to conſider the Authors ſeveral Collections of Papers; in which he hath been at a g§. 10. Another Paper of Hiſtory he ſetteth down page 41. of the Sufferings of the Presbytery of Paiſ§ 11. In his ſecond Collection of Papers p. 50. we have account of the practice of the Rabble, after§ 12. The Story of Mr. Little (which nextfolloweth) is above anſwered, in Anſwer to Account of Perſe§ 13. In his third Collection of Papers (which concerneth them who complied, and yet ſuffered) he be§ 14. In his fourth and laſt Collection of Papers, he hath the Proclamations, Acts of Convention and§ 15. The concluſion of his Book, conſiſting of five or ſix pages, I ſhall not much be concerned witTHE party finding ſome acceptance with their eaſie Believers, of their former Lying and Reproachful § 2. It is alſo a groſs and malicious Lie, page 5. That William Torbran fled to Ireland for the Murt§ 3. He telleth a long Story, pag. 7. Of the Presbyterians Arming themſelves, and inventing falſe Re§ 4. The falſhood and malice of what he affirmeth, about the Commiſſioners from Stranrawer to the Co§ 5. He concludeth his particular Inſtances of this Perſecution page 18. With the account of Mr. Ram§ 6. He telleth us, page 21. What Mr. Douglas Miniſter at Skirling, ſuffered: In which we are little§ 7. He taketh occaſion, page 23, 24. to mention ſeveral perſons who are Murthered: As if all this h§ 8. He cometh page 26. to a purpoſe (by what courſe he draweth it into his method, I know not) wher§ 9. A Goodly Argument he hath, page 28. That Scotland was not Reformed by Presbyters: viz. Some BiſHAving proceeded thus far in contributing my poor Mite, for Vindicating the Presbyterian Church of S§ 2. The firſt paſſage in his Hiſtorical Account, is a foul miſtake (to call it no worſe) viz. That § 3. From theſe ſo well laid Foundations, he proceedeth, p. 5. to give His Highneſs ſome Advices; if§ 4. The fourth thing (he is now falling from his Inferences and Counſels to the King, to proofs of §. 5. He next would repreſent us as Perſons who would ſubmit to no Laws inconſiſtent with Presbytery§ 6. He next p. 8. giveth a Teſtimony to the Moderation of ſome Presbyterians (which ſome of his par§ 7. He bringeth as a Foundation of moſt of his diſcourſe againſt us, a Paper that he calleth the Pr§ 8. He next giveth the Presbyterians a few good Words: He would not be Cruel to them, but pitty theSEveral wiſe men who have Read this Pamphlet, think that the moſt fit refutation of it were (as I ſa§ 2. Our Hiſtorian hath quickly forgot his work: for inſtead of telling us what the Aſſembly did, he§ 3. He cometh now, page 3. to reaſon the Caſe againſt the King and Parliament, becauſe of their ſet§ 4. He propoſeth (tho' not candidly) but doth not anſwer our Reaſons for this conduct. One is, We c§ 5. From this digreſſion, he returneth to his Hiſtory, page 4. And giveth an account of the meeting§ 6. Which he doth yet more in what followeth, he telleth us of a Debate betwixt the old and the you7. The next fault that he findeth is, The Meeting appointed a Faſt on the Lords Day; and ſaith, That§ 8. There follows a whole Fardel of Lies and Malicious Repreſentations, of the procedure of the Pre§ 9. He taketh notice pag. 12. That in their Libels they would never give any of the Epiſcopal Clerg§ 10. After all this, I do not deny that ſome of the Presbyteries paſſed Sentence on ſome Incumbents§ 11. He cometh now at laſt, p. 17. to his purpoſe, to give account of the Aſſembly: And beginneth w§ 12. The Moderator being choſen: He telleth of a Competition for the Clerkſhip: It may be, ſome of § 13. He cometh to give the account of the Sermons Preached in time of the Aſſembly, eſpecially befo§ 14. The account he giveth of Mr. Campbels tranſportation from Drumfries, to be Miniſter at Edinbur§ 15. He telleth us of a Letter from Aberdeen, Deſiring Miniſters to be ſent to them, and complainin§ 16. That the Aſſembly was ſo puzled, as he ſaith, about the Appeals of tth Epiſcopal Clergy, is fa§ 17. His invective wit ſtoppeth very low, having little to work upon; when he taketh notice, that a§. 18. He had thus far digreſſed, wanting matter to fill up his Hiſtory. He now returneth to the Aſſ§. 19. He giveth account of the Commiſſion of the General Aſſembly, pag. 53. but as he doth of other§. 20. He looketh on all the Facts appointed by Presbyterians as deſigned to enſnare the Epiſcopal M§. 21. After Apology for the length (he ſhould have rather excuſed the Diſhoneſty and Impertinency) 
#####Back#####

1. POSTSCRIPT.

**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 21 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (21) : illegible: omitted in print (4), illegible (17)  •  @__resp__ (21) : #OXF (21)  •  @__extent__ (21) : 1 word (6), 1+ letters (8), 1 letter (6), 1 span (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|§|167|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|Latin Extended-B|Ʋ|434|
|General Punctuation|•…|8226 8230|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2013-12 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|8||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|4||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__back__|1||
|2.|__body__|2||
|3.|__closer__|1||
|4.|__date__|1||
|5.|__dateline__|1||
|6.|__desc__|21||
|7.|__div__|58| @__type__ (58) : part (4), section (53), postscript (1)  •  @__n__ (53) : 1 (4), 2 (4), 3 (4), 4 (4), 5 (4), 6 (4), 7 (4), 8 (4), 9 (3), 10 (2), 11 (2), 12 (2), 13 (2), 14 (2), 15 (2), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1)|
|8.|__floatingText__|1| @__type__ (1) : letter (1)  •  @__xml:lang__ (1) : eng (0)|
|9.|__g__|864| @__ref__ (864) : char:EOLhyphen (857), char:punc (3), char:V (4)|
|10.|__gap__|21| @__reason__ (21) : illegible: omitted in print (4), illegible (17)  •  @__resp__ (21) : #OXF (21)  •  @__extent__ (21) : 1 word (6), 1+ letters (8), 1 letter (6), 1 span (1)|
|11.|__head__|5||
|12.|__hi__|1360||
|13.|__item__|11||
|14.|__list__|1||
|15.|__opener__|1||
|16.|__p__|82||
|17.|__pb__|99| @__n__ (97) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 35 (2), 34 (1), 38 (2), 39 (2), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 79 (2), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1)  •  @__facs__ (99) : tcp:33452:1 (1), tcp:33452:2 (2), tcp:33452:3 (2), tcp:33452:4 (2), tcp:33452:5 (2), tcp:33452:6 (2), tcp:33452:7 (2), tcp:33452:8 (2), tcp:33452:9 (2), tcp:33452:10 (2), tcp:33452:11 (2), tcp:33452:12 (2), tcp:33452:13 (2), tcp:33452:14 (2), tcp:33452:15 (2), tcp:33452:16 (2), tcp:33452:17 (2), tcp:33452:18 (2), tcp:33452:19 (2), tcp:33452:20 (2), tcp:33452:21 (2), tcp:33452:22 (2), tcp:33452:23 (2), tcp:33452:24 (2), tcp:33452:25 (2), tcp:33452:26 (2), tcp:33452:27 (2), tcp:33452:28 (2), tcp:33452:29 (2), tcp:33452:30 (2), tcp:33452:31 (2), tcp:33452:32 (2), tcp:33452:33 (2), tcp:33452:34 (2), tcp:33452:35 (2), tcp:33452:36 (2), tcp:33452:37 (2), tcp:33452:38 (2), tcp:33452:39 (2), tcp:33452:40 (2), tcp:33452:41 (2), tcp:33452:42 (2), tcp:33452:43 (2), tcp:33452:44 (2), tcp:33452:45 (2), tcp:33452:46 (2), tcp:33452:47 (2), tcp:33452:48 (2), tcp:33452:49 (2), tcp:33452:50 (2)|
|18.|__salute__|1||
|19.|__signed__|1||
|20.|__trailer__|1||
